good morning today we are on the road again
to the apple store because my phone
I'm dying
it seems that they left it bad or if then
you have to go and see what they tell us but
good in ready in super nice and look
what I have in jump psuv is like
It has colored me I love it seems to me of
the most beautiful thing and let's go see how
tells us together that to come back now yes
and we're on our way to the goal again for
as someone if I do all the times that
we have in this week inform us
we hope that by this election it will return
life
hello, we're in the pool for a long time because
we have too much heat in the house
and I already have a new phone right now
I'm blocking eating phone is
literally the same but I would
changed for another because I do not know if that
the other one had an arrangement, I really do not know
they reviewed and told the system what
we give him a new one and in his laugh
ok perfect and nothing look right now
I showed the flock but see how beautiful it is
I love this bathing suit but
As it is Chinese then there is already a part
Scotland that means I want to marry
because I do not want to lose it I love it
but here I do not have a sewing kit
to buy me a sewing kit in
pittsburgh if I have I like blue though
I do not know what kind of tan I would have left
here but fortunately now many
just because it 's half afternoon
when my love greets
what is the duck
the duck is hiding from you for
attack you I always said that the pacts
they are evil
while you kill
there is literally a fat duck leaves the
tea duck apply
I remember the steps to be able to a pact
two
look a happy face
the long-legged duck moves away from
fat leaves the duck
look look
the duck leave it
frighteningly in the pool
we come to costs the costs that current
ours as the cost of the whole world
It is always with the people
I choose the town
We need to buy rich meat
and closes about half an hour so I have
to hurry up we have the little things that
we grab and look
I want to make the giant queues
supervised and now we are going to eat our
loved ones
and you look beautiful
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
he is a novice
he wants me with the support of the short
time that I want to return alive today our
watch that cost 17 thousand dollars
Four. Five
because we share all my love
everything mine is yours
very well
I love you I feel stop blocking it
full time but we were any
doing basically nothing and now we're going
to sleep so good night